# UW-Alberta-IEEE-experiment
Code for the Alberta-UW IEEE perception experiment.

The experiment consists of 14 PHP and javascript files (including config.inc.php). These files more or less sequentially run through the experiment. The experiment relies on a MYSQL database for data collection and stimuli control. 

Only the config.inc.php file need be changed, provided the database is configured as  explained below.

**config.inc.php**
Set host and servername to 127.0.0.1 or whatever suits your server configuration.

**DB config**
What follows is an outline of the database configuration. Each list has the naming convention L_<list number> (e.g., L_1 for the first list). The PHP session ID is used as an identifier for each individual subject data collection run. The output files have the naming convention TT_<session id> (e.g., for session id 1234, TT_1234); these files are generated by the experiment and need not be created for the purpose of creating the database.

**Master List of Lists** (table name: LOL_master)

  [ID; listname]

  Used in development, but not production.

ID: auto incremented

  listname: the name of a list in L_<list name> format

  
**List Control** (table name: list_of_lists_A)

  [id; list_name; date; Used; session_id]	

  This table is used to hand out the lists in more-or-less sequential order.

id: auto incremented label, corresponding to list name

  list_name: the name of the list in L_<list number> format

  date: records the date & time the list was last used

  Used: legacy column

  session_id: the session id

  
**List Names** (table name: L_<list number>)

  [sentence_ID; fileName; Used; Date] 

  Each of these is a list of the stimuli file names.

sentence_ID: auto incremented sentence number

  fileName: file name to be appended to the URL in order to retrieve and play the stimulus

  Used: part of the control to determine if a stimulus file has been used

  Date: second part of control, specifies the date and time the data was entered into a TT file

  
**Bio Data** (table name: biodata)

  [ID; Session_ID; Time_Started; headphones; Age; Gender; Hearing_Loss; English_FL; Consent; releaseConsent; Completed]	

  This talbe collects the basic bio data, as well as consent form response. It is also used to determine whether or not a collection run was completed.

ID: auto incremented

  Session_ID: the PHP session ID, used as the identifier for individual data collection runs

  Time_Started: date and time of the beginning of the data collection run headphones: the entry for what type of headphones were used

  Age: entry for age

  Gender: entry for gender; choices are Male, Female, and Other

  Hearing Loss: records whether or not the subject has any hearing loss

  English_FL: records whether or not the subject has English as their first language

  Consent: records that the consent form has been accepted

  releaseConsent: records whether or not the subject is willing to release their data generally

  Completed: records the date and time that the data collection run was completed; null if not completed

  
**Output Lists** (table name: TT_<session id>)

  [id; Response; List_ID; fileName; Session_ID; date]

  These tables are the recorded data from each data collection run. These are generated by the experiment and need not be created if replicating the database.

id: auto incremented 

  Response: the text response from the subject

  List_ID: the list name in L_<list number> format

  fileName: the stimulus file name corresponding to that of the list used for data collection

  Session_ID: the PHP session id

  date: the date and time at which the the data (row) was collected 
